you
hi everyone and welcome to discount shop
today we're going to be looking at a
swatch touch s urw 100 so let's take a
closer look so as you can see right off
the bat this watch has a very distinct
futuristic look what most notably I
should mention about this watch is of
course its touch interface but before I
get too far into describing that let's
just look at some of the physical
characteristics of the watch itself
we're looking at a thirty nine
millimeter dial size so it's not too big
it's very lightweight it's a nossa lock
on a white silicon strap which has some
ridges on the inside here for comfort
and I must say it's actually a very
comfortable watch it's got the exposed
battery right there and a standard
buckle nothing too notable there one
thing to consider when you're buying an
all-white watch is that this is going to
show dirt faster than a darker colored
watch so that's just something you need
to be aware of with that set I think it
would be relatively easy to clean this
up since it's just silicon it's not
leather or anything like that so I'm
going to actually put this on my wrist
now because in order to demonstrate the
touch features I find it easier if it's
actually fastened to my wrist so bear
with me one moment while I put it on
nice and snug ok great so I'm going to
zoom in now so you can see there we go
so the area at the bottom of the screen
here this is your touch interface and
the way that it works is to activate the
touch area you use two fingers and then
you can swipe through the features so we
got time one time to date cronograph
what was that alarm timer oops
and I just enter it into timer mode so
now I'm setting the timer using the same
touch interface and then you press and
hold to set I'm going to go back to my
mode option though there we go
oops that's the beep and then we're back
to time one so the interface gets it
takes a little bit of getting used to
I'm not going to lie
additionally I find this font a little
bit distracting I know it's supposed to
be very cool but for me it's just a
little a little bit odd so I've just
activated the coronagraph there as you
can see start stop and then I believe
it's a press and hold to reset again so
you know overall it's it's definitely
you know once you've once you understand
the interface it's not too hard to use
what I'm going to do now is show you a
shot in the dark this does have an
internal backlight which is activated by
two fingers pressing and holding here so
there you can see the backlight
there you go so that's what the
backlight looks like it's actually very
bright easy to read with the exception
of the fact that that font is just hard
to read but does well in the dark for
sure
overall what are my impressions of this
watch well I think it's important to
note that you know there's a new
generation of touch watches that are
just beginning to come out now now this
is certainly not the most you know
feature packed watch this doesn't have
any of the bluetooth capabilities to
link to your phone or to your Bluetooth
device however if you just really like
the touch interface if you no longer
like to press buttons which many of us
don't then this could be a good watch
for you so you have to get used to the
kind of unusual
you know font that they use but other
than that it's some it's definitely the
bleeding edge it's is the first of a
generation so if you're interested in
learning more about this or other Swatch
watches please visit us at discount shop
comm and thank you for watching